#Teknoo Software - Code Runner - Change Log

##[0.0.1-alpha20] - 2017-02-25
###Updated
- Migrate RabbitMQReturnConsumerService to RabbitMQReturnConsumerWorker

###Added
- TaintableInterface
- Tainted behavior on RabbitMQReturnConsumerWorker
- Listener to stop a tainted worker

##[0.0.1-alpha19] - 2017-02-23
###Added
- Implement East Foundation Promise

###Updated
- Refactoring Endpoint to use them
- Refactoring registry to use them and remove AccessBehavior
- Update components using registries to use Promise
- Update tests

##[0.0.1-alpha18] - 2017-02-15
###Fix
- Code style fix
- License file follow Github specs
- Add tools to checks QA, use `make qa` and `make test`, `make` to initalize the project, (or `composer update`).
- Update Travis to use this tool
- Fix QA Errors

##[0.0.1-alpha17] - 2017-02-12
###Fixed
- Bad management of DBALException on RabbitMQReturnConsumerService

###Added
- More logger operation on error

##[0.0.1-alpha16] - 2017-02-11
###Fixed
- Bug in worker doest not return a valid json for result and status.
- Documentation
- Use task uuid instead of task url for PHP7Runner worker return.

###Added
- Add a method to define an id

##[0.0.1-alpha15] - 2017-02-10
###Fixed
- Bug with TeknooEastCodeRunnerExtension and teknoo.east.bundle.coderunner.worker.rabbit_mq_return_consumer autogenerated

##[0.0.1-alpha14] - 2017-02-08
###Updated
- Runner are now prepared to execute a new task and not "reseted"
- RunnerManager can now push a status or a result for a task, from a runner, even if the task is not the current task
  executed/initializing by the runner.

###Added
- Runner supporting multi tasks (can execute several tasks in same time).
- Add multi tasks support for RemotePHP7Runner
- Manage runners supporing multitask into RunnerManager : Prepare a runner to execute a new task at final status for
  mono task runner, or at first status pushed for multi task runner

###Fixed
- Use MSG_ACK and MSG_REJECT for PHP7Runner with RabbitMQ

##[0.0.1-alpha13] - 2017-01-29
###Fixed
- Complete test and fix TeknooEastCodeRunnerExtension to not ignore composer instruction configuration 

###Added 
- Documentation

##[0.0.1-alpha12] - 2017-01-24

###Updated
- Code runner package is now able to update Doctrine configuration to avoid complex configuration of final platform
 about this package.
- Code runner package support now several instance of a same Runner (with different services id) with their  
- Code runner package is now able to configure OldSound RabbitMQ bundle for each runner to avoid complex configuration
 of final platform about this package.
- Fix some bugs

##[0.0.1-alpha11] - 2017-01-17

###Updated
- Documentation

###Fixed
- Code style

##[0.0.1-alpha10] - 2017-01-17

###Added 
- Add end point to pass to next tasks if there are some issues

##[0.0.1-alpha9] - 2017-01-17

###Updated
- Documentation
- Unify AMQP exchanges to return Result and Statues in an unique exchange to limit memory
consumption and avoid result fetched after the final status. 

###Added
- Status can have an optional attribute to indicate the final status of the task.

###Fixed
- Several bugs into global workflow
- Cycling dependencies between some managers, registries and endpoint.
- Code style
- Symfony declaration
- Issue into RemotePHP7Runner issues with the Shell wrapper

#[0.0.1-alpha8] - 2017-01-13

###Updated
- PSR11 service provider

###Fixed
- Code style fixes

##[0.0.1-alpha7] - 2017-01-13

###Fixed
- Bug into Endpoint to delete tasks

##[0.0.1-alpha6] - 2017-01-13

###Fixed
- Some bug into persisting tasks
- Code style fixes

##[0.0.1-alpha5] - 2017-01-10

###Added
- Compiler pass for Symfony easier configuration.
- Symfony declaration
- Complete tests

###Fixed
- Several bug into registry to not fetch deleted elements.
- Bad uses of registries into managers.
- Some mistakes

##[0.0.1-alpha4] - 2017-01-07

###Fixed
- Bug into Task's serialisation  and persisting
- Bug into Runner manager with registry uses

##[0.0.1-alpha3] - 2017-01-06

###Updated
- Requirement to use last Teknoo States library stable and last East foundation library.

##[0.0.1-alpha2] - 2016-12-28

###Fixed
- bugs from Doctrine schema creation

###Add
- End point to interact with the library via an HTTP API.

##[0.0.1-alpha1] - 2016-12-16
- First alpha release

###Add
- Define interfaces
- Write tests
- Create value objects classes (Code, Status, Result)
- Create entities classes (Task, TaskRegistration, TaskExecution, TaskStandby)
- Create registries
- Create Tasks manager
- Create Runners manager
- Create definition
